Hi everyone, I'm Ko Ju-Chun.
Today I want to share a tool that really impressed me.
It's called oMLX.
If you have a Mac
and want to run AI models locally,
you've probably used LM Studio or Ollama.
But you must have hit the same problem —
it's incredibly slow.
A single question takes minutes to answer.
oMLX
completely solves this problem.
It's designed specifically for Apple Silicon,
leveraging MLX's unified memory architecture,
plus tiered KV caching and paged attention,
boosting inference speed by over 10x.
The best part?
It supports multi-agent concurrency.
You can run multiple OpenClaw lobsters simultaneously,
sharing the same prefix cache.
Even a base Mac Mini with 16GB works.
Installation is super easy.
Download the DMG and drag to install,
or use Homebrew with one command.
Completely free and open source.
I've prepared a complete step-by-step tutorial on CanFly.ai,
from installation to connecting OpenClaw —
done in 10 minutes.
Give it a try!